TCD-2959: RDC&BT integration (#2404)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/features/mobile-app-diagnostics/app-crash-logs.md

<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/mobile-apps/app-crash-scr1.png')} alt="Mobile app settings navigation" width="900"/>

When you navigate to the [Live Test Results](/mobile-apps/live-testing/live-mobile-app-testing/) or [Automated Test Results](/mobile-apps/automated-testing/) page, you can view the collected crashes in the Crashes tab. The collected crashes are presented in the context of their respective test cases, videos, and interactions. This centralized view is designed to enable efficient collaboration within your team and improve time to resolution for any issues that may arise.

### Viewing the App Crash in the Crashes Tab

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/mobile-apps/app-crash-scr2.png')} alt="Mobile app settings navigation" width="800"/>

The `crash.log` file provides information on the stack trace, methods, classes, and lines of code that were being executed before the fatal error occurred. This information facilitates the identification of the root cause of the crash, enabling your team to address the underlying issues in a timely and effective manner.

> In the Crashes tab, you will also find a **View Crash in Error Reporting** link, which directs you to [Error Reporting](/error-reporting/getting-started/) for a detailed view of the crash logs.

Reviewer: not just in the crashes tab, but in the commands tab as a label with a direct link

> In the Crashes tab, you will also find a **View Crash in Error Reporting** link, which directs you to [Error Reporting](/error-reporting/getting-started/) for a detailed view of the crash logs.

Author: ```suggestion
In the Crashes tab, you will also find a **View Crash in Error Reporting** link, which directs you to [Error Reporting](/error-reporting/getting-started/) for a detailed view of the crash logs. 

Similarly, within the Automated Test section, the Commands tab includes a label with a direct link to the Error Reporting.

```

<img src={useBaseUrl('/img/mobile-apps/rdc-er-integration/crashes-link.png')} alt="view crash in error reporting link in Crashes tab" width="700" />

### Viewing the App Crashes in Error Reporting

> While the Crashes Tab contains the stack trace, which can be useful for initial debugging of the root cause, more comprehensive insights are available within Error Reporting. Moreover, Error Reporting is the sole location to access callstack details for native crashes.

Reviewer: we should add something about link from the sidebar to the backtrace instance, below Mobile Beta Testing

We can address this functionality in an other PR

<img width="211" alt="image" src="https://github.com/saucelabs/sauce-docs/assets/68342451/b0222360-e586-40dc-b221-641adace94eb">

### Viewing the App Crash in the Crashes Tab

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/mobile-apps/app-crash-scr2.png')} alt="Mobile app settings navigation" width="800"/>

The `crash.log` file provides information on the stack trace, methods, classes, and lines of code that were being executed before the fatal error occurred. This information facilitates the identification of the root cause of the crash, enabling your team to address the underlying issues in a timely and effective manner.

In the Crashes tab, you will also find a **View Crash in Error Reporting** link, which directs you to [Error Reporting](/error-reporting/getting-started/) for a detailed view of the crash logs.

<img src={useBaseUrl('/img/mobile-apps/rdc-er-integration/crashes-link.png')} alt="view crash in error reporting link in Crashes tab" width="700" />

### Viewing the App Crashes in Error Reporting

<p><small><span className="sauceGreen">Android Only</span></small></p>

> While the Crashes Tab contains the stack trace, which can be useful for initial debugging of the root cause, more comprehensive insights are available within Error Reporting. Moreover, Error Reporting is the sole location where you can access callstack details for C++ crashes.

Reviewer 2: `C++` should be changed to `native`.  Generally iOS doesn't use C++ directly, but using the term native covers the bases for C++, Swift, ObjectivC languages.

Author: @ianrice07 my understanding was this feature is available only for Android at the moment. I'll change it accordingly.

When you navigate to the [Live Test Results](/mobile-apps/live-testing/live-mobile-app-testing/) or [Automated Test Results](/mobile-apps/automated-testing/) page, you can view the collected crashes in the Crashes tab. The collected crashes are presented in the context of their respective test cases, videos, and interactions. This centralized view is designed to enable efficient collaboration within your team and improve time to resolution for any issues that may arise.

### Viewing the App Crash in the Crashes Tab

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/mobile-apps/app-crash-scr2.png')} alt="Mobile app settings navigation" width="800"/>

The `crash.log` file provides information on the stack trace, methods, classes, and lines of code that were being executed before the fatal error occurred. This information facilitates the identification of the root cause of the crash, enabling your team to address the underlying issues in a timely and effective manner.

In the Crashes tab, you will also find a **View Crash in Error Reporting** link, which directs you to [Error Reporting](/error-reporting/getting-started/) for a detailed view of the crash logs.

> Similarly, within the Automated Test section, the Commands tab includes a label with a direct link to the Error Reporting.

Author: ```suggestion
Similarly, in the Automated Test section, the Commands tab includes a label directly linked to the Error Reporting.
```

:::note
You can also download the results using the API call below and send it to your development team:

```java
curl --compressed \
-O https://{SAUCE_USERNAME}:{SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY}@{DATA_CENTER}.saucelabs.com/v1/rdc/jobs/{JOB_ID}/crash.log`
```

:::

## Limitations

:::note

- Does not capture hangs and cross-platform development frameworks, like React Native and .NET MAUI
- Emulators/Simulators are not supported.

> - If you have a native crash reporting (including Backtrace), this feature will override it, therefore you will not see the crash report in your existing system.

Reviewer: If you have a native crash reporting SDK in your application (including Backtrace)

> - If you have a native crash reporting (including Backtrace), this feature will override it, therefore you will not see the crash report in your existing system.

Author: ```suggestion
- If you have a native crash reporting SDK in your application (including Backtrace), this feature will override it; therefore, you will not see the crash report in your existing system.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: We should add something about the fact that the link to the crash/error report available in Backtrace can also be sent directly instead of attaching a file.

:::note
You can also download the results using the API call below and send it to your development team:

```java
curl --compressed \
-O https://{SAUCE_USERNAME}:{SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY}@{DATA_CENTER}.saucelabs.com/v1/rdc/jobs/{JOB_ID}/crash.log`
```

:::

## Limitations

:::note

> - Does not capture hangs and cross-platform development frameworks.

Reviewer 2: We should call out some examples here like React Native and .NET MAUI

- Emulators/Simulators are not supported.

> 

Reviewer 2: We should also note that this will override any native crash reporting that they currently have in place so they shouldn't expect to see the crash report to show up in their own system if they have something else integrated (including if Backtrace is already integrated).
